Reduce request multiple timeseries (#917)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [2.47.0] - 2022-05-02
### Changed

> - Performance gain for datapoints.retrieve by utilizing multiple timeseries in on requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Performance gain for `datapoints.retrieve` by grouping together time series in single requests against the underlying API.
```
